:book: add public api docs (#1331)
operator-framework/operator-controller: docs/api-reference/catalogd-webserver.md

# Catalogd web server

[Catalogd](https://github.com/operator-framework/catalogd), the OLM v1 component for making catalog contents available on cluster, includes

> a web server that serves catalog contents to clients via a HTTP(S) endpoint.

Reviewer: This would be "an HTTP(s)" since HTTP is pronounced with a starting vowel sound. You determine the article via the acronym pronunciation.

Author: Should be taken care of in https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/pull/1331/commits/647a9f78d0bc26b96318183daebb532b7c29dafc

                "skipRange": "<6.0.0"
            }
        ]
    }
    {
        "schema": "olm.bundle",
        "name": "cockroachdb.v6.0.0",
        "package": "cockroachdb",
        "image": "quay.io/openshift-community-operators/cockroachdb@sha256:d3016b1507515fc7712f9c47fd9082baf9ccb070aaab58ed0ef6e5abdedde8ba",
        "properties": [
            {
                "type": "olm.package",
                "value": {
                    "packageName": "cockroachdb",
                    "version": "6.0.0"
                }
            },
        ],
    }
    ```

    Corresponding JSON lines response:
    ```jsonlines
    {"schema":"olm.package","name":"cockroachdb","defaultChannel":"stable-v6.x"}
    {"schema":"olm.channel","name":"stable-v6.x","package":"cockroachdb","entries":[{"name":"cockroachdb.v6.0.0","skipRange":"<6.0.0"}]}
    {"schema":"olm.bundle","name":"cockroachdb.v6.0.0","package":"cockroachdb","image":"quay.io/openshift-community-operators/cockroachdb@sha256:d3016b1507515fc7712f9c47fd9082baf9ccb070aaab58ed0ef6e5abdedde8ba","properties":[{"type":"olm.package","value":{"packageName":"cockroachdb","version":"6.0.0"}}]}
    ```

### Compression Support

> The `catalogd` web server supports gzip compression of responses, which can significantly reduce associated network traffic.  In order to signal to that the client handles compressed responses, the client must include `Accept-Encoding: gzip` as a header in the HTTP request.

Reviewer: "to signal that the client"

Author: Should be taken care of in https://github.com/operator-framework/operator-controller/pull/1331/commits/647a9f78d0bc26b96318183daebb532b7c29dafc

The web server will include a `Content-Encoding: gzip` header in compressed responses.

!!! note

>     Only catalogs that result in a response size greater than 1400 bytes will be compressed.

Reviewer 2: Not sure this is correct, but I think it is?
```suggestion
    Only catalogs whose uncompressed response body would result in a response size greater than 1400 bytes will be compressed.
```
